Update docs (#91)
osmosis-labs/mesh-security: docs/ibc/ControlChannel.md

# Control Channel

This document describes the "control channel", which is a direct IBC channel between the
`external-staking` contract on the Provider side and the `converter` contract
on the Consumer side. This is used to send messages about bonding and unbonding,
and any other metadata about the protocol (like validators).

> It is also used to send reward vouchers(./Rewards.md), which represent amounts of rewards

Reviewer: same comment as above about vouchers. You can use this term but it may confuse with ics-20

## Validator Metadata Syncing

The Consumer sends packets for the original validator set.

> TODO: Validator set updates are not yet supported. Only the original validator set is sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: Validator set updates are not yet supported. Only the original validator set is sent once
```

The channel is initiated by a relayer, with party A being the appropriate `converter`
contract on the consumer chain, and party B being the `external-staking` contract.

The general process (assuming a vault is already established on the Provider) is:

1. Instantiate price feed, converter, virtual staking contracts on the Consumer chain.
2. Instantiate external staking contract on the Provider chain (referencing IBC port of the converter).
3. Create IBC channel from Provider to Consumer.
4. Apply to Consumer governance to provide a virtual staking max cap to the associated virtual staking contract,

>    so that this connection may have voting power.

Reviewer: IMHO max cap limits should be in place before the IBC connection. Technically not mandatory but it would be easy to miss when people see the IBC packets from the Converter

Reviewer 2: Max cap limits _are_ in place before the IBC connection. Max cap is effectively zero until and unless governance increases it.

### Handshake

Opening the channel is a 4-step process. It must be initiated by the Consumer side.

1. Start with `OpenInit` from converter to the (connection, port) of the external staking. The version 

>    SHOULD be set to the highest mesh-security version it supports (see below), and the channel ordering

Reviewer: The version ... or **empty** to let the contract handle it
